I've been thinking of this about, first of all, the people that don't come forward, what kind of information they'd like to know.
Yeah, so that person that you're thinking of, you know, downloads this app or kind of gets it on their phone somehow,
what would the kind of question or how do you think they'd find out?
Well, the first question that they would be asking is, what's out there, first of all?
What's available for me if I was to leave home right now? Where can I go? Is there any place I can go?
Then the second question would be, do the guards have to be notified if I go to that refuge?
Do tusla need to be, you know, if I go to that refuge?
These are all the kind of things that are going on and that's an awful lot that prevents people from coming forward.
So then, behind it, that's what they think of the children. What's available for the children out there if I don't want to come forward?
Do the schools have to be notified?
All these things kind of keep coming, rambling around in their heads and that's what prevents them coming forward.
If they had access to the information, as you say, not going through all these websites,
you could put in what's available to me and something comes up into prayer, something comes up in Dublin.
They're no good to anyone. They're no good to anyone.
So having something like this is great but the kind of questions that they might be asking is,
if I'm thinking now from a man's point of view, what's available?
It's a lot of what's available to me. That's a lot of the stuff.
What's available to me, how, what, when, where, why?
So how do I go about getting support? Do I need support? Why do I need this support?
What's available for me? What's available for him? What's available for the kids?
It's all about the what is before they go forward.
So what, how do I, how do I…
How do I access support?
How do I access support? Would that be…
That would be how do I access support?
Okay.
And I'm living in wherever.
Okay.
What supports are available to me in?
Yeah.
Now I don't know how specific you can get in relation to that.
Yeah, well that's the task is to try and refine it as much as possible so that we do get accurate information.
So how do I access support? What supports are out there?
Yeah.
For me, my husband, who's a perpetrator of domestic violence, and then the children.
Yeah.
That's a huge one.
Yeah.
And then basically what other services need to be involved?
Yeah.
So do they call the cards? Do all that kind of stuff?
Yeah.
That's the kind of, that's what I'd know for that information to be about that.
When you go in deep within, when you're talking about housing, social welfare, the finance side of things.
Yeah.
Like, what do I get on social welfare? I'm a single mother living with three children now.
He was a sole earner. As a result, I've no income.
Yeah.
If I leave him, what income would I have?
Yeah.
So that could be links to say social welfare all over the areas. There would be a tie to certain things.
Yeah.
They're also entitled to emergency deposits for apartments as well now, which is a great thing.
Okay.
Yeah. Which is huge.
Yeah.
Yeah. And so if you think of it for her, and I'm thinking of the father that came in with the four kids in the car, knowing that there was no place for him, but was there any place for his kids?
So are you talking about foster care or what are you talking about?
Yeah.
And he goes, I don't have any information. What's foster care? Can I still be involved? Can I go to foster care?
Yeah.
He did all this kind of stuff, but it was more about needed help with housing and he needed help with finance.
So questions would be there. How do I go about applying for social housing?
Okay. Yeah.
That's the kind of, the more you get out of this, it'll be the how, the what, the when, the why.
So if we start with how do I access support, say in Galway City, what kind of responses would you expect?
Are you giving your gender in that? Are you just being very specific, just what's available?
So one thing that we can do is think of it as a conversation between the app and the person.
And so if there's certain questions to ask the person in generating a response, then that's something that we can take into account as well.
Yeah.
So if I was sitting in front of you saying I'm in domestic violence, what can you do for me?
So the very first thing we'll be talking about is, is it just harm or is it children?
Yeah.
Then we're talking about, are you willing to leave today? If you're willing to leave, we can take you from here and bring you to a place of safety.
Safety would need to be mentioned in this a lot.
Right.
Safety, the word safety, because that's what we're trying to push out there.
Okay.
So then what happens, it'll be kind of, so they're moved out, they're brought to Mowela, beside Galway, you'd want that to be mentioned.
Then when they're assigned what services are available to the children there and what services are available in the community.
Okay.
So there'll be a lot of stuff around that for the children.
Okay.
Then you go back to, if you remember the LGBTQI+, it keeps changing.
Is it LGBTQI+, or is it LGBTQ?
It keeps changing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But the members of the LGBT, what kind of supports are available for them? So you have a shout and you have a mock.
That's what they'd want to get from this.
So they're specifically designed to support people that are going through domestic violence within that cohort of people as well.
Yeah.
I'm rambling here, am I?
No, no, no. I'm just trying to think of it as kind of an interaction in the app.
If somebody just types in the question, how do I access support in Galway City?
Is there any point in giving them some answer to that at that point, or do you need follow-up questions?
You need follow-up questions because you don't know what kind of support they're looking for.
Yeah, so you'd need them to tell you their gender.
Yeah.
Well, it would be nice because, like, Moella don't take males.
Yeah.
So they would need to know their gender.
Yeah.
But that wouldn't be straight away.
Well, it would have to be, because if you're a man, you're looking up to see a refuge center.
Yeah, yeah.
He might show up to...
The other thing you often see with things like ChatGPT is that it'll give you a response,
and then it will say, if you'd like more specific information, tell them your gender or something like that.
Oh, okay.
So it can kind of give a...
That'll probably make more sense, yeah.
...a bit of a response and then say, you know, yeah.
Yeah.
What they also...
What supports are available to the guards and the courts?
So you're talking here about baron orders, protected orders, safety orders.
Hmm.
Yeah.
They would need to be built in as well.
So what kind of protective measures are out there for me if I come forward?
Yeah.
That kind of way.
Yeah.
If that makes sense.
So I suppose you just need to split them up into different categories, like...
Yeah.
...you know, kind of...
Like what we're doing with the act kind of way.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we start with that support one and see what we get back, and then maybe we can
add some detail on gender and children and see...
Do you have some kind of way to set up here?
Can you just talk back to me, can I?
Yeah, yeah.
I can, yeah.
Not sure.
Can you just kind of type or tell us what to type?
Just say, what supports are available to me?
No, hang on.
That...
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
Hang on, hang on.
Hang on, hang on.
Is it very short questions we ask?
Or is it free?
Yeah, it'd be...
Well, it's...
It can be long-winded if they need to be.
Well, I'd just say, I'm a survivor of domestic violence.
What supports are available to me?
Right.
Is it?
Yeah.
Do you wanna...
Don't give it my type of day.
I am a survivor...
Of...
No, what did I say now?
No, I think we can also like...
No, survivor, no.
Let's see what goes back, maybe nothing In reality you'll probably get some people
I'm getting a laugh actually
But if I'm looking at that now gosh, that's bullshit in relation to can I scroll up there again, yeah
It's still generating
This one here on the right hand side is the kind of normal chat GPT
Yeah, and the other one is the one that uses the stuff okay from the website. It's just the idea of
Well, this is also from from everywhere USA UK yeah, I'll see
Do you want to put it in Ireland? Sorry? I should have put that in the question. Should I know this is the one
This is like for
This will not show to the user, but now for for test, okay
So what came up there then for Ireland sir?
I'm sorry the one you're building
Sir what supports came up?
I think it didn't give anything. Okay. The question was a little bit
Should be more like what refuges are available in glory
I
Should be about like what refuges are available
Possibly yeah, yeah
Is that what you if somebody asked for what supports are available?
Would you expect the refuges to come up like yeah, whatever? Yeah, you would you okay? Yeah
It will need know your location right yeah, so okay, so like if the question is like this
At least I need you I need to the chat bot should ask the user's location
Okay before it give the answer. Is that correct? Yeah, I guess if it's enough it might be yeah
location
GPS but yeah, I mean for this example, maybe
We should provide it explicitly in the in the question, let's say what refuges are available in goldway
How big are you making this is this stick for nationwide or sir and I
Could be yeah
Suppose it depends on access to it to relevant information
That supports are available to me and go away maybe what refuges
I
Say it's the running to me
Is it okay, so don't just worry when you get it funny. Yeah, that's it. Okay
Okay, she's looking up there no boy that's not there's a domestic violence response
But
This it says there are 20
It's still key didn't give you the space like to lose the gingerbread. Oh, yeah
Yeah, shouldn't give the name of the areas push
Is this a little bit around sir
Yeah, but that would definitely be one as well depends on
Their nature of their domestic violence relationship, but that actually would be there that would be in it as well. Sorry
So these are the answer I should get in this robot this chatbot
Where is Chuck Darragh from the refuge corporation record this chapter?
So the woman's refuge I
Said that this one doesn't tell us where the information was sourced from
I guess the other one does because we've provided the information
Women's Refuge
Corporation Road
I
So this is the one if the
like
The best model like like if I didn't give it any information
Okay, this is all from their like original training data
Okay. Yeah, so I want to improve their performance
Okay, give the better more in detail information
But here since
It's just a prototype. Yes. Okay. I think it's
Worse than this. Yes. Yes
You
Here I think cobra Louis
So what's coming up here is better than what we have over here. But the main one is not
there. Moetta is the first main point of contact that you would need if you're a female.
You're looking for support. Wanting to leave the house with the children. It's the one
thing that they always go for. And obviously there could be questions about Moetta as well.
So where I can get the information? Moetta. You Google Moetta. That's how much you're looking
for. Yeah, yeah. All the information that you require. Moetta. Mo-e-h-e-i-l-e. Mo-e-h-e-i-l-e.
Two words you said here. Cope. It's under cope. That's the main one for women. And then
that takes the role of the children because they take the women and the children into
the refuge. There's their own apartment on the side of the refuge, which is great. It's
not communal spaces anymore. It's like an apartment block. So that is the most ideal
one for the women. For the men, if you're asking what supports are available for men,
they're very limited as we know. You'd be talking about Men's Network. But they're based
in Waterford. But they cover the whole country through counselling. And they also offer legal
support if needed, which is great. So if you're a father, you are going to be looking for
the same things, like what's available for me out there. When I'm in domestic violence
for five years, I've had enough. Can I get her out? How do I get her out of the house?
So you're talking here about what are the orders? The courts. If you want to do that,
just separate. As I said, supports, then maybe look at the finance. Housing is going to be
huge. It's going to be huge anywhere. Massive. So I'd be kind of like stuff around having
the same community there with a helpline, counter-council, having the, you know. Would
this give websites, if you ask for it, could I get the website for a call with counter-council?
Yeah. And then you get the social housing form. And then you have the, whatever kind
of support the council can offer. Can I apply for a deposit for under the domestic violence
provision? Yes, you can. How will they go about doing that? So you've got one section
just on finance to include all that. So if Anto comes up on finance, on the question,
it'll bring it straight to that section that should be developed in your letter. Yeah.
Is, are the kind of answers to those questions, um, published in different places? Not really.
Not really. No, not really. They say it's here, but here's the, here's the social, sorry,
just the form of social housing, but yet you have to go to revenue. Yeah. And then you
have to go and you have to get an affidavit signed and people get overwhelmed by that
then. So it's about having the support that will help them go through that is what's needed.
Unless they're well able to go themselves. But for the very start, when people are contacted
and are using this, it is crisis management. Where can I go right now? It's quarter past
one on a Friday. I need to get the hell out of here before he comes home. Where do I go?
What's this? Oh, Pops Moella. They contact Moella. Are you safe or do we need to contact
the guards to bring you here? Yeah. That's the question that will come back to me. But
what you just want for the, for this is to give them information on Moella. Yeah. What's
this query? I just asked. I'm a man. Where can I go?
So before this, I want to know like these, like basic answers. Are they accurate? Yes.
That's correct. Go around crisis. Okay. I haven't heard of transgender quality network
Ireland. So it says a service to people in Galway, but they must exist somewhere. But
there's a lot of stuff that's stable. It's fairly. No, none of that. None of that. All
that. No. Okay. So you would take a one. Yes. 100%. Call your rape crisis. Definitely would
be involved in that. Okay. Yeah. They would be kind of providing counseling at a later
stage more so than after family leave. That's the direction. So one, I think one problems
may, maybe the, the, the, the base model is sometimes they, they, they cannot give you
the accurate information. And I think in this situation, the, the accuracy is important.
So yeah, but, so I thought maybe, no, I mean, in my chatbot, sometimes the, they cannot
find the information, but at least I need to make sure the accuracy of the information.
And wait a sec. Where's the, where's my, where's my, the, the question I'm a man. Okay. Here.
So another thing is you mentioned the, like the, when, when people ask for support, like
the house finance, all this stuff, do, do you, do you mean then in this chatbot, it,
it doesn't need to give you this instructions. It only need to give you the information where
you can find the, where you need to go, where you need to go. Okay. Do you want to try one
of it? The children, something like I've got two children, what supports are available
for them? Where should I go? What can I get? What, what support can I, can they get? For
example, you know, it's going into, it's coming into stuff like, you know, 10 GP services.
That's kind of straightforward enough really. Um, free counseling services. Okay. I should
be looking at your one over here. Should I? Oh, okay. You'd expect rainbows to be coming
up there now. They're, they're a national organization as well, but that's their own
bereavement. But it's a bit, it's also about lots of parents, even though it doesn't have
to be bereaved or separated. They're going to be separated as a result of this. So that
would be one support that would come up. And it's a national organization. Should you just
put in rainbows? They're their rainbows, Ireland. So they're based all over the country. Okay.
It would be a good support for, now you have to be six months separated or six months before
you can go on and put their rain all over the place. But it is a good support for, for
children because it's specifically designed for, as I said, breach or separate parents.
Okay. The only difference is if you're in a group you're never put in with a group who's
separated if you're, with your parents bereaved. Okay. Obviously. So you're definitely getting
the one to one support and those groups are very small, doing it in around three. Okay.
It's going to be 54 or 55 kids in the evening, so only three in it. It's a great service
to have. It would be a service that parents would be looking for, but not for our parents
would know about it. Right. Okay. Yeah. So that would be one kind of aspect. Yeah. So
is there a rainbows program in Galway? I thought it was a voice recognition thing as well.
I haven't tried, I haven't tried. Oh, sorry. Is there, sorry. I get lazy. Is there a rainbows
program in Galway? What? Thank you. Good.
Where does it start again? There. The once more, yeah. See the rainbows Ireland program
for children who have experienced death and force or other fabric changes. Okay. That's
all there. Yeah. We're talking about complaints and Brussels and all that kind of stuff. To
you. So it would be the main one here. Definitely there. He just, he never heard of that service
club and clinic or that and it's going down into what you watch. We'd have both local
schools and communities and just go ahead and pay agency. I assume kind of shorter responses
or more of what people would be after to the point. If you think that if you're in a crisis
where the fuck can I go? Yeah. And like, you know, is he going to follow me? Yeah. How
do I get there? Yeah. Yeah. Should it be taxi numbers? Can I get a taxi? Can you book a
taxi from this? Yeah. Yeah. You know, if you get to my wallet, I'd actually pay for your
taxi if you didn't want to pay for the taxi. Okay. It's a great service. Like if you're
living out in that really like if you're over kind of is where that lady was from was Glinsk.
There's nothing, no taxes over there. So we had to bring her from Glinsk into Mowell
and Galway with six kids. That was a fun drive. Yeah. Cause kids wanted to be with Bellamy
and the car. Of course. So seven seater kids. Yeah. One extra overload. Overload. Yeah. Needs
most. Yeah. Needs most. Yeah, exactly. Squad car going ahead of us. Yeah. So some of these
things are good. Some of them are. It's really giving you a lot of information to find out
the rainbows for a lot of direct wind contact. Local, you're not going to be contacted. There's
no, I, in my knowledge base, there's no information about this website. So it didn't give anything.
Okay. All right. Is there any kind of testimonials, something like testimonials that would exist
where victims would describe the actual, you know, the fact that I went to Mowella because,
and they helped me with XYZ. As I said to you, I emailed to Mowella to give me a few
testimonials and they never got back to me. Okay. Yeah. So I think it's, it's that kind
of, I see the testimonials as a place where it puts all of the stuff, the reason why things
are done together and it kind of puts relevant stuff together. And that's all stuff that is
something that a model like this could pick up on and use. So kind of joining the dots rather
than just a directory of information, but you don't really know why you need that stuff. So I
think to make it more useful, something like those would be good. I mean, the only other thing I can
think of beyond that is like if we sat down and did an interview with you and transcribed the
whole thing where you're talking through these things, but that's something then that could
probably go out on a date and that sort of thing. But it's this, I think the thing that's hard to,
to get at is, you know, you would do this because, and this will help you with XYZ. And when you do
that, you might do this kind of connecting it to come up with a, you know, a plan or something
that's relevant for a particular, someone's particular situation. Well, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a very basic enough, right? You would go to a refuge, which
your kids, and they try and locate you in a different area, get the court system behind you,
get a baron orders, that guy can go near them for five years. That's the kind of it. And they're
happy with that. And that's 100%. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. Because they only have a two year old
and don't be seven. You know, you have a 12 year old and there's an older 17. Yeah. So
self determinate all that kind of stuff themselves. But that's really what they want. That's where
can I go? Where am I safe? Where are the kids safe? Yeah. Like, I can't imagine you use this
when you're post after that. When you're say, when you're inside, are you going to go look
for this again? Housing is a great idea. But I'll go back to the chatbot again and see, can they
give me information on housing? Whereas citizens information, I'm not, not by any means. It's
great. I'm just trying to give the idea like a success story or this it's basic enough of what
the success will be. Yeah. It's very easy to say it. But the reality is I'm trying to find a house
for someone to move into. Yeah, it's very difficult. And then you talk about the schools,
changing our schools, how to change the schools, all that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So like,
whatever it is that you're trying to get from this, is it to give it to me as much information
as possible, then that will become overpowering to me. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know, so even like,
give me four or five of the top ones will be ideal. Yeah. So what we're trying to understand
is what would be useful to get out of it. And then how can we tweak it so that it does
produce that. So in a way, we're trying to get in the heads of somebody who would be using it. And,
you know, in some ways, it's probably about making sure that the answers to their questions
are accurate. But then there's probably other roles that could have like, like, if there's
stuff that they, you know, hadn't thought about asking, but would be useful for them to know,
at this point in their kind of situation, then the chatbot can provide information on those
things as well and give them a sense of what that journey ahead might look like to, I suppose,
illustrate that, you know, there's a way out of it. Yeah. That's what the testimonials were
probably. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah. So, so I think what would you like to have from the
testimonials? What kind of, um, so rather than doing an interview now with people, what would be
I, uh, this is, this is all kind of based on what I think would be useful. It doesn't necessarily
mean it would be, but, um, from, from, from what I think the testimonials could describe someone's
situation that they found themselves in, um, and describe their journey or their path to getting
support, things that worked well, things that didn't. And if you had enough of those, um, then,
uh, and you were able to provide them to something like this, then it would be able to pick the bits
that are relevant from different ones to find the ones that are relevant to a particular person's
situation and to use those to generate a response. So it's a man with children who, um, is in some
particular situation and there might be, if you had like a few different testimonials that kind of
match that, um, then there might be some say in the right location. And so you might be able to
kind of pick bits from them to kind of kind of frame your answer based on that frame, you know,
someone's experiences rather than, um, cause I think it's in that way, it's, it would allow you
to provide responses that, um, don't just present a particular service in isolation, but it's more
presenting it that in a way that, you know, you might need this, this and this because somebody
else did and found those useful and they were in a similar situation to you, which you wouldn't get
from any of those individual websites, but you get it because this person experienced that and that
worked for them. So it's the testimonials for me provide a way of linking different services, um,
to provide a useful journey for somebody out of that situation. Okay. I should have written down
that. You can give me a transcript of that. I actually could get you a few testimonials from
our case that are open to us at the moment. They're coming towards the end of it. Right. But
if you could type up those questions that you just said there, I can run that by them. Yeah.
Yeah. Definitely get four testimonials. Anyway, like one will talk for Ireland, like, you know,
yeah. Or she's good. If that's what you want, that's what's needed. What do you think would be
useful? Uh, the thing you said, the testimonial part, does that mean, uh, I need to, the chatbot
need to ask the user a lot of information. Possibly, yeah. But will the user willing to
type so many things? It's like almost like type, uh, all the
story. Well, I'm thinking that you might get at something like the, um, chatbot might say,
um, yes, we have various different organizations that offer support. Some of these are specific to
men. Some are specific to, to women. Um, if you'd like more detail on any of these,
let me know if you're a man or a woman, I might just type man. And then I might go into more
detail on this. And all of that is forming an interaction then that, um, the, obviously the
way that these work is that pre the previous conversation is taken into account in any
responses. So they've already declared they're a man and other answers could take that into
account as well. So you need to keep restating the situation, but it's more like with a support
worker, they would develop an understanding over time and only, uh, present stuff that's relevant.
If you were to get testimonials like that, and that was your main source of data, you'd probably
need a lot of them, wouldn't you? Yeah. Yeah. So that's probably the limiting factor here is that,
um, unless there there's a good source and it's readily available,
it's probably unrealistic to ask you to produce the event you would need to come up with any kind
of good answers to it. So, um, in that case, we'd, we'd need to try and I suppose just make best use
of the stuff that is available. Um, yeah. Um, yeah. So, um, the information part is definitely
need to improve the, you said the testimony part, uh, if they're just like, not, I don't,
I don't get so many data should I still use this? Well, one thing we could think about doing is to
kind of think about it as a, as a kind of a feasibility or, um, uh, of the tool for maybe
one particular user group. So we could try and get like, I don't know, 10 testimonials or something
that are all from people in a similar area or maybe similar gender, and then just, um,
kind of test whether or not if we were playing the part of somebody in a similar role,
would we get better responses if we had those testimonials available? Um, and that would just
allow us to kind of, yeah, test whether that testimonial approach would be something that was
worth pursuing if we did have resources to do that or whether, you know, the responses
actually aren't much better if you do have that data. Um, that could be one, one, um, way to go.
The localization of things is, is another important aspects. Yeah.
So that's something to think about. How, how do you do that?
Is that something that can be picked up in the scraping or is it something that
would need someone to manually tie things that
if I ask us about an action rather than just what's available. So how do I get support?
Hmm. The other thing with a testimonial as well is it would probably include things like multiple
factors like housing, finance, children, that sort of thing that the chatbot could use to
structure answers and say, um, here's areas that people commonly need to consider. Is there any
of these that you would, um, you know, well, that's all good. It's all the finance stuff
there and all that. Don't know how much we're just getting it all from, but just go up again.
I think the format is broken or something. Where's my question?
How do I get support? So it's telling me there about immediate safety. It's the contact
guardians, other ones, domestic violence service, seek refuge in shelter. That's all there.
Haven though, if you're homeless or need emergency, the Haven can provide shelter.
The Haven. Never heard that in Galway is it? Yeah.
It's Haven Galway. H-A-V-E-N. I'm going to address here Boundary Avenue.
It's an apartment that you can rent at booking.com.
It's a apartment? One Boundary Avenue.
Meals are in Project Burger, Car of Haven, Family Hope.
Chop Car of Day Center.
There's Car of Haven, Family Hope, and that's what it's referred to.
But again, that's not much use to you if... No.
This is going to react to all the legal advice. That's actually not bad. If you ask actions
rather than give me, you get more of a... So what was your restaurant there?
I just asked, how do I get support? How? How? Okay.
Rather than what's available, you're going to get everything.
There's a few sites that we've come across. How do I go to refuge?
Pretty straightforward. I don't see why they'll give me that.
They'll tell you why you would go to a refuge.
That's actually a good question as well. Why would I go to a refuge?
I'm just going to put it out to the loo for a second.
Sorry.
There's a lot of information which is generated for that one.
I'm not destroying it now.
Is this perhaps a PhD for you, or is it a master's or...
Master. In artificial intelligence, is it?
In what?
Artific... AI?
No, it's data analytics. It's very similar to AI. We have a lot of same class.
Okay.
Yeah.
This is law school overnight now.
It's never stopped.
Can I stop it?
Yeah. Is something wrong happened?
Right. It's some...
There are not some meaningful words?
No.
No meaningful?
No.
Okay. Something is wrong here.
Oh, come on.
I think something is wrong here.
I think it's in your loop, the software.
I cannot hear.
Okay. The website is in freeze, I think.
Okay. I killed the website, totally.
Okay. This is the...
You okay for talking to me, man?
Yeah, I'm okay.
The best model, there's something wrong in the best model.
It's... Continue to give all the nonsense words.
All right. Okay. Yeah.
I don't know what's wrong here. See?
Right. Okay.
It's even freeze the web page.
Okay. What's the question you asked?
What was the question?
How do I go to a refuge here?
Maybe a typo?
No, but here my rag for this is good.
Okay. In terms of the...
You mentioned those things that you would want to know for each thing.
It was the... How? What?
The with the why. That's the best of the first in those questions.
Right.
Something very short and snappy.
How do I go to a refuge?
What's available to me in a refuge?
Where do I get counselling?
Tell them that's it. Where would I get counselling?
So you get everything here now again.
How do you spell counselling?
C-O-U-N.
C-O-U-N.
Because we can ask the model to provide answers in particular formats as well.
So if the why or whatever was always important, then you could incorporate that into the responses.
And maybe that's something that is worth doing because everything you suggest,
somebody would probably want an explanation to...
Why would they do that in the first place and what would they get out of it?
So knowing what they would want from those responses will help us structure things better.
Where do I get counselling?
Okay, this is the first time the body is quicker than this one.
Oh no, I think it's the incident situation again.
It won't stop.
I think there's some bug there.
It won't stop.
And then the page freeze.
So what's your in-project look like here?
So, if we get this to a state where it's providing sufficient answers,
your end product could take different forms.
It could be something on a website, it could be something in a mobile app.
So the end product, as I imagine it is, it's a mobile app that you can use in discrete mode.
And it's just a simple interface like this.
You ask questions, but it provides all of the information that you would get from
the kind of app that we were looking at before, but it provides it in a way that
makes the information easier to access.
But also, one thing that we talked about is that depending on the situation of the person,
you could customize the way what information is presented and what's not.
The bot can do that as well.
It can customize things to people's situations.
Rather than being kind of clunky that it just reorders boxes to show you what information.
I see that as stuff that keeps popping up here in relation to physical abuse.
It's more about just coercive control.
That's the main thing about domestic violence.
How do I know that I'm in a coercive control relationship?
No, I mean, I feel it's something wrong in my program.
Oh, I forgot again.
No, they're okay.
No, it can never stop now.
It's like in a loop or something.
They actually gave good information at the start of that.
Yeah, yes.
They did actually give good information.
I don't know that lady.
She rang and it was me.
She was contacted.
She rang me.
It was quarter past four on a Tuesday evening.
She rang me.
She said she'd been looking up.
She said she could all have kept coming up with Tuesday.
So she wouldn't give her name.
She wouldn't give her kids names or nothing.
She wouldn't know what is available for her right now.
He's not home till 8 o'clock this evening.
He's at work.
She says, I'm sitting here.
My two guys are bleeding and he's after hitting one of the children.
I don't want to stand by that.
I need to get out of here.
Do I call the guards or who do I call?
I said, well, are you safe when he comes home?
So I know she says I'm petrified.
I said, have you anywhere to go?
She said, no.
Do you want me to create a place for you to go?
And then I told her about Moila.
What's Moila?
I said, well, look, we've got four hours.
Do you want to have a look at Moila on the website yourself and see what you think?
She still wouldn't give me her name or address or anything.
So she went off.
She looked at Moila.
I told her, I'm going to stay on the phone because I wouldn't let her go.
So she got back and she goes, that's where I need to go.
Can you make that happen?
I said, I can't, but give me a minute to make sure there's a bed available for you.
Yeah.
And there were random, there was.
And then basically they said, we're going to contact the guards.
I said, well, I don't even see no dates.
She doesn't want to give me anything because she hears I'm too slow.
But yeah, she's going to, she arranged, she arranged.
She met me at the local center shop over in Winhamstown.
A very small little dinky shop.
And there she was herself, just the children and their suitcases at the side of the road
waiting to know if I got a puncture or God forbid anything happened, you know,
but pick them up, brought them in and still wouldn't give me her name.
But she wasn't from Glynamada.
She got texted to Glynamada.
She was from Glyn.
I found out afterwards.
So yeah, so now she's, she's open to our service and she will answer any of those.
But she said, I just needed to get out.
I didn't care where I went.
I just needed to get out.
And then when you're in a place of safety, then all of the other stuff starts coming in.
Eventually I feel safe here.
This is what I want.
How do I remain keeping myself safe?
Yeah, yeah.
Do I get support to go to court?
Who helps me if I go to court?
Yeah.
Do, how do I access legal aid?
There is, I know that you're kind of saying you want more of an interface kind of thing,
but it is a lot of people would be asked to direct questions.
Like, as I said, they're like, how do I access legal aid?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
That's not what you're, I know that we're kind of coming at it from different angles.
No, that is what we're trying to find out is what would people want to ask?
Yeah.
What they want responses for.
So like a lot of my ideas for what it would look like come from my limited understanding
from just working on the last project.
So we're trying to come to a better understanding of, you know, what it should look like and
how people would want to interact with it.
And then the kind of results that they would really need to get back
from it that would be most relevant.
I think it'd be very good at the very start to get them to a place where they're safe.
Then they'd forget about it until they want to move on.
Yeah.
And then that's when they'll come back and help me the first time,
they might help me this time.
Yeah, yeah.
So getting them to a place where they're safe.
Yes.
Is that the primary?
That's the main thing.
That's the main thing and the main reason for this as well.
Yeah.
Okay.
Where they feel safe.
And you came up with some websites that we hadn't come across before, but is there like a
a list of even just for Galway and people that you would deal with,
is there like a list of websites or organizations?
Oh yes, I came in with lots of them.
You wrote some of his papers.
Yeah, yeah.
Tell me what you want and what I can get for you and we'll see where we can go from there.
Websites.
I've never heard of that Carb Haven Family Hub now.
Is that a residential place?
Carb Haven.
Supported temporary accommodation.
Ten families experience homelessness in Galway City.
Oh, it's homelessness.
That's that domestic violence relation to the club.
Unless I suppose you're homeless as a result.
Okay.
Okay.
We started to get in there nowadays.
It's awful.
When you see the the care and then when you're a male, the one question I said,
I ignore would you prefer a female staff member to come collect you?
Yeah, so.
This is a great thing.
If you get lost growing, you'll be nervous.
Yeah, so really it's a chatbot and you know we're using it here on a laptop and
you know if we got it in a position that it was useful, you could embed it in anything.
So, you know, if you thought it was a good idea to turn it into an app once we've
got something that doesn't have everything.
We even have the server though.
Yeah.
But we'll shake it out.
Yeah.
We have that for the whole server.
I didn't get the server.
That thing I sent out to you wasn't your completion.
Don't see this.
The answer since that's a sit on to you as well.
I didn't go into the code myself.
I couldn't even do where to go with that.
Yeah.
It was it was complete.
It was completed.
Yeah.
Two little things that you had to finish and then that's what it all does well.
I was disappointed how that ended up.
Yeah.
Okay, so is there anything, so I think a list of websites that we obviously haven't included.
Yeah, or maybe like some PDF file.
But like the store this information.
No, no.
The website is now.
No, I mean, because like you can scrape it once you have two websites.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, this information are all from the website.
I mean, if they are all if they some of them also like some PDF file, some like legal file, some.
So so like documents that you might provide people with information, is it?
No, I mean, like the government will have some documents.
Okay.
No documents about these things.
Like, do I need that?
Do I need to extract information from that?
So I'm thinking just there's a lot of stuff on the app that you could pull from it.
There was a lot of good information that was on that.
Yeah.
If you can open the code, I don't know.
Yeah, that's your baby.
Yeah.
There was a question sent you that already.
The previous app had a database.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
There was a lot of information on that that would fit into that as well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah, that's that's something that.
Yeah.
Even the headings of it, if you create just a question around the headings that were on it.
Yeah.
I think we have a list of all those are broken down.
That's where it is.
Yeah.
All the websites associated with each and they're broken down.
There.
That's where they are.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll have a look at that again.
Yeah.
That's what it says to me for doing there.
It's there.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I just broke it down sections or the housing sections.
Yeah.
There's a lot of contact details over there with a lot of services on this.
Yeah.
Don't know why I don't have it on, but it's the haven I've ever heard of that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we've probably had some of that kind of how or what.
Yes, good idea.
It was all that.
How do you know you're in a vital relationship?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I know that that was a questionnaire, but they could become questions for that as well.
Yeah.
The more questions you give it the better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
What about testimonials?
I think that would be useful to try and get some...
I can follow up with them while I get...
Yeah.
Now, what they'll give me is like, like you're talking about testimonials of a...
I'm talking about testimonials of like four or five lines and that's all you'll get now.
Okay.
Yeah, no, that's probably...
In the testimonial books...
You want the testimonials that gonna tell you...
What worked for them.
You want a three or four page answer.
What worked for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that then that's kind of knowledge then that can be extracted that, you know,
these services were important in this situation, that kind of thing.
So, yeah, if you kind of can get any of those sort of following up anyway...
Yes.
Not, we'll just have to...
That's enough to see what's going back.
Yeah.
Okay.
If you can take those questions that are on that,
what you would up there, the tangent there, all these questions.
If you can get these off that, send them on to me as well.
Right.
I can ask a few of the victims, the survivors that we have.
Yeah.
A few of the questions in relation to that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
That could be.
Yeah.
If you can remember them or you can just get them off that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll have to think about that.
Yeah.
That's it.
Whatever you want from the thing and all it can do is go and ask them.
Yeah.
That's the main thing.
And I think that the next step then is keep working on it and we'll play around with the
models themselves and the output they produce and at some point we might go to you or get
the information again and just kind of show you some different options that we've come
up with for responses and just see which ones make sense and which ones don't.
Yeah.
I'll bring one of my colleagues with me today.
I tried to bring her today.
She couldn't have got a new worker and her previous worker today was, she was just the
best she finds a poor person for too long.
Oh right.
So.
Yeah.
She would have been very useful to have.
Yeah.
So I will bring her with me the next time.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Brilliant.
That sounds good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's okay?
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks a million.
Adrian.
Be in touch?
Yeah.
Okay.
See you later.
See you guys.
Bye.
Have a nice day.
Bye.
Now I don't know.
Yeah.
What we need to looks like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe it's useful.
Maybe it's not so useful.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But we will see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think.
Yeah.
Definitely.
I think we need to test that and maybe that's about having, having another version that
has a repository of testimonials included and version that doesn't.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
That makes any difference.
Now I think the, the data part, we, we get this back.
I need to look into it.
Yeah.
I think there's some insight there.
We'll, we'll have a look at that data from the app again and see if that's something
that we can use and it might give us information on websites that then you could add to your
scraping tool.
Um, and I think then we could look at structuring those responses and the, the main things.
So somebody asks a question, say, um, you know, can I get support or what support I
can get?
And then we probably need a breakdown of what the support is, why the support is relevant,
what they can get out of it, what the outcomes are, um, rather than just their query.
I think we can augment it to, to try and include those data in the response as well.
Yes.
And also now the chatbot, the end of chatbot, it will not ask, try, it will not try to ask,
like try to narrow down your, the, the, like if you are a man or woman.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So the chatbot should narrow down.
But, but, but how deep should the chatbot ask?
Like I ask you if a man or woman.
And next question, do I need to ask your age range?
Like if a young male or old man, then you can ask more detailed question.
So how deep should the chatbot ask?
I think the only, the only significant difference there is whether they're a child or an adult.
Okay.
I don't think age would matter beyond that.
Okay.
Okay.
That's, that's easier.
Yeah.
You don't have to.
Yeah.
Okay.
Like on those websites that you're scraping, um, maybe it's worth trying to pick out tokens
for, you know, gender or children versus adults and to try and use that to categorize or classify
some of the information and who it's relevant for.
And those could give you things then that might be follow-up prompts or things that
you can emphasize in the responses that, um, you know, if there's stuff that's just for
children, if there's stuff that, um, is for men specifically, then those could be things
that you could, yeah, bring out more in the responses.
Okay.
Okay.
Then, um, do you mean like before I put these things into the knowledge base, I do these
things before?
Yeah.
Maybe.
Like children or adults.
Yeah.
But that's, okay.
And then, okay, I will, um, try to find if some other project use this, this thing, because
from my understanding, like the ritual part, they should already do this.
Like if you said, I'm a, I'm a children, I'm a child, and this, uh, the embedding will,
will already trust from this sentence into like some number.
So the, the ritual part, we already try to find all the children part inside of the knowledge
base.
Yeah.
So I don't need to do the classification because it will, for the retrieval, it's, it's already
to the classification because the embedded of children and out is definitely different.
Yeah.
I suppose what might be useful is if the retrieval part, cause if you ask a general question,
then you'll get lots of stuff returned in the retrieval part.
But if there's particular embeddings with what's returned, it seemed to be relevant
to those are things that probably should be accounted for in the response.
Even if that's to kind of say that some of this information is to do with children, some
of it is to do with adults.
Would you like to kind of, you know, enter it down or something like that.
So if there's embeddings and stuff that seemed prominent or relevant and they, those could
be the subject to follow up questions or.
Yeah.
That's, that's what I need to do.
The follow up questions part.
Now I notice these recent models, they will always ask follow up questions.
But previously, let's say one years before, they don't ask these follow up questions.
Right.
So I think they, they, they also notice what you mentioned.
Like if they can narrow down the, the, the, the question, they can give better answers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Generally I think that was useful.
Did you find it useful?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
I need to incorporate in this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you want to make some notes on the meeting after you've kind of listened to it back and
stuff and just put them on the.
Email or Notion?
Notion.
Yeah.
Okay.
Put them up there just cause it, it'd be useful just to kind of see those written down.
Yeah.
I think it's useful for my, the, the paper report.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, I feel regret previously, we have so many meetings.
I, I didn't do some enough notes.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, that was a good time to start.
I hope it's not too late.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
We'll leave it there cause I have to go.
Okay.
And we have a meeting in, so yeah, we need to put in a recurring meeting.
Um, when would be useful for you to meet again?
Um, this week I'll be around on Wednesday, but otherwise it would be online.
So maybe if we go to next week.
But, but, but what's the point?
We meet like two days later.
Yeah.
That's another point as well.
I need to, yeah.
Yeah.
I got some time to consume all these.
Should we go with next Thursday?
Yeah.
Next Thursday I think.
I have one, almost two weeks.
Yeah.
So if I put a meeting in for 1.30.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll make that a recurring meeting as well.
So we don't just run into the same issue again.
Oh, okay.
